README.md, before:

# Torrra - “rrr”

> A Python tool that lets you find and download torrents without leaving your CLI.

[![Python Versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/torrra?style=flat-square)](https://pypi.org/project/torrra/)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/torrra?style=flat-square)](https://pypi.org/project/torrra/)
[![AUR Version](https://img.shields.io/aur/version/torrra?style=flat-square)](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/torrra)
[![Pepy Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pepy/dt/torrra?style=flat-square&color=blue)](https://pypi.org/project/torrra/)
[![Docs](https://readthedocs.org/projects/torrra/badge/?version=latest&style=flat-square)](https://torrra.readthedocs.io/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/stabldev/torrra?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/stabldev/torrra/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub Issues or Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/stabldev/torrra?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/stabldev/torrra/issues)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/stabldev/torrra/issues)

![demo](./docs/_static/demo.gif)

_Torrra_ provides a streamlined command-line interface for torrent search and downloads, powered by Jackett/Prowlarr and Libtorrent. Built with Textual, it offers a beautiful TUI with pause/resume support - all without leaving your terminal.

**Full documentation**: https://torrra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

## Installation

```bash
pipx install torrra
```

Other options: [`AUR`](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/torrra), [`standalone binaries`](https://github.com/stabldev/torrra/releases), [`Homebrew`](https://github.com/Maniacsan/homebrew-torrra) or [`Docker`](https://hub.docker.com/r/stabldev/torrra).

[See full install options →](https://torrra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html)

## Quick Usage

```bash
torrra jackett --url http://localhost:9117 --api-key <your_api_key>
```

Then use the arrow keys to navigate, `Enter` to download, `p` to pause, `r` to resume, `q` to quit.

[See full CLI & TUI guide →](https://torrra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html)

## Features

- Search with [`Jackett`](https://github.com/Jackett/Jackett) or [`Prowlarr`](https://github.com/Prowlarr/Prowlarr)
- Download torrents with [`Libtorrent`](https://libtorrent.org)
- Full-screen TUI with pause/resume
- Smart config + opt-in caching
- Native support for Linux/macOS/Windows

[Full feature list →](https://torrra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#features)

## Contributing

Found a bug? Want to help?
Check out [Contributing](https://torrra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html) or [open an issue](https://github.com/stabldev/torrra/issues).

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/stabldev/torrra/blob/main/LICENSE) Copyright (c) [stabldev](https://github.com/stabldev)

Commit message:

chore: add configuration and update features section

README.md, after:

# Torrra - “rrr”

> A Python tool that lets you find and download torrents without leaving your CLI.

[![Python Versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/torrra?style=flat-square)](https://pypi.org/project/torrra/)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/torrra?style=flat-square)](https://pypi.org/project/torrra/)
[![AUR Version](https://img.shields.io/aur/version/torrra?style=flat-square)](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/torrra)
[![Pepy Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pepy/dt/torrra?style=flat-square&color=blue)](https://pypi.org/project/torrra/)
[![Docs](https://readthedocs.org/projects/torrra/badge/?version=latest&style=flat-square)](https://torrra.readthedocs.io/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/stabldev/torrra?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/stabldev/torrra/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub Issues or Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/stabldev/torrra?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/stabldev/torrra/issues)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/stabldev/torrra/issues)

![demo](./docs/_static/demo.gif)

_Torrra_ provides a streamlined command-line interface for torrent search and downloads, powered by Jackett/Prowlarr and Libtorrent. Built with Textual, it offers a beautiful TUI with pause/resume support - all without leaving your terminal.

**Full documentation**: https://torrra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

## Installation

```bash
pipx install torrra
```

Other options: [`AUR`](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/torrra), [`standalone binaries`](https://github.com/stabldev/torrra/releases), [`Homebrew`](https://github.com/Maniacsan/homebrew-torrra) or [`Docker`](https://hub.docker.com/r/stabldev/torrra).

[See full install options →](https://torrra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html)

## Quick Usage

```bash
torrra jackett --url http://localhost:9117 --api-key <your_api_key>
```

Then use the arrow keys to navigate, `Enter` to download, `p` to pause, `r` to resume, `q` to quit.

[See full CLI & TUI guide →](https://torrra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html)

## Configuration

For persistent settings, `torrra` uses a `config.toml` file where you can configure your indexers, download paths, and themes. This avoids the need to pass arguments on every run.

For example, to set up Jackett as your default indexer:
```bash
# Set your Jackett URL and API key
torrra config set indexers.jackett.url http://localhost:9117
torrra config set indexers.jackett.api_key <your_api_key>

# Set Jackett as the default indexer
torrra config set indexers.default jackett
```

Now you can simply run `torrra` to start searching:
```bash
torrra
```

[Learn more about configuration →](https://torrra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration.html)

## Features

- Search with [`Jackett`](https://github.com/Jackett/Jackett) or [`Prowlarr`](https://github.com/Prowlarr/Prowlarr)
- Download torrents directly with pause/resume support
- Beautiful and responsive TUI built with [`Textual`](https://textual.textualize.io/)
- Customizable themes (dark, light, and more)
- Smart config + opt-in caching for fast searches
- Native support for Linux, macOS, and Windows

[Full feature list →](https://torrra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#features)

## Contributing

Found a bug? Want to help?
Check out [Contributing](https://torrra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html) or [open an issue](https://github.com/stabldev/torrra/issues).

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/stabldev/torrra/blob/main/LICENSE) Copyright (c) [stabldev](https://github.com/stabldev)
